fix(blocksync)!: don't block in blocksync if our voting power is blocking the chain (#3406)
cometbft/cometbft: .changelog/unreleased/bug-fixes/3406-blocksync-dont-stall-if-blocking-chain.md

> - `[blocksync]` Do not stay in blocksync if the local node's voting power

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `[blocksync]` Do not stay in blocksync if the node's validator voting power
```

>   is big enough to block the chain while not online

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  is high enough to block the chain while it is not online
```
